Poor Gena, I don't know what I would do if one of you boys was like Alvin.
I feel like there is something missing from my life, but what could it be.
Oh my son how could I have forgotten you. What a terrible mother I must be.
Someone someday will free us. I just hope it is in my time. (*sighs*).
If only I had an older boy to wrangle those devils. Sure would be helpful.
My boy, where have you been? Help your old man out, corral your brothers.
(*sighs*) I wish someone would break this curse already I want more friends.
I like being Tag's twin. I wish mom would not dress us the same though.
Yes, we no longer look exactly the same. No more getting mistaken for Tag.
I need something cool, like a cape, so people stop calling me Blake.
Is that a cape? Can I have it for this amazing, most awesome Bag?
(*woo, hoo*) This is exactly what I needed to give me flare, Thanks.
Mom told Alvin not to go out there now look. I hope you don't get any ideas.
Part of me is missing you know. Something is just off, I can feel it.
Oh my god!!! How could I forget about you my best friend? (*Hugs you*)
(*Cries*) Oh Alvin why did you have to go out there, it was not worth it.
Gena is just raw. In time she will heal like Janet. Best to just steer clear.
Raye has been down in the dumps lately. Don't know if I can take two crying.
Haven't seen that smile on Raye in a long time. Glad that you are back.
Being Mayor is fun, it will be even better once this dang curse is broken.
The old recipe has been missing for ages. Wonder where it could have gone.
Janet found the first half of the old recipe. Just need the other half now.
The recipe is back together again. We can craft items once again. (*Smiles*)
Don't let Cyril's determination rub off on you. Stay away from them woods.
Oh Cyril is going on about that cursed recipe again. It is what got us here.
Thank you dear. Could you take this old picture to Edith? It is of her mother.
Cursed recipe now back together. What have we done to the gods to deserve this?
(*Chuckles*) Being a shop keep was defiantly more profitable before the curse.
When will the curse be broken I can't sell the same stuff to the same people.
(*mumble, mumble*) Oh sorry was just thinking about the outside world again.
Dillon thinks he is going to break the curse, but I think it will be Tag.
If mom hadn't died then I would try to break the curse, but I can't leave dad.
Dillon keeps going on and on about some cookies. I might have to get him some.
Thank you for giving him those cookies. A little piece and quite is heavenly.
My family used to be great farmers. Now with the curse we are dwindling.
Dillon needs some cookies I can't stand his complaining any longer. (*sighs*)
Quite, do you hear that? Quite. I have you to thank for this. (*smiles*)
I am going to be the one to set us free. I am not going to fail like Alvin.
(*Whines*) I need cookies. I would give you a ton of vegetables for cookies.
COOKIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(*Stuffs face*)
Bread, cakes, cookies never can get enough. Curse or no curse I am happy.
I wish I could get Annis a pretty new dress. She would be so pretty.
Oh doesn't she look so pretty in her new dress and with that smile.
Oh Alvin how could you do this to your mother. I weep for Gena.
Otis spoils that girl too much. New dress (*scoffs*) She has one already.
(*Tch tch*) You should not have helped him. That girl is too spoiled.
I would go out racing the boys, but I would dirty my clothes.
Oh this dress is so old. I got it a week ago. Daddy does not care.
PRETTY!!!!! I knew he cared. I will cherish this forever. (*giggles*)
Everyone needs shoes. We just need more feet for all the shoes.
I remember when my brother tried to break the curse. Poor soul.
You look like you could use this cape. It used to belong to my brother.
There isn't it just the best. It is good to see it in use again.
I fear I may not live to see the curse broken. But, it has been a good life.
I wonder if Elaine has finished with my mother’s picture.
You are such a good boy. Oh what is this? (*pulls out paper*)
That recipe will do some good if you can find the other half.
Being a doctor for this crowd is hard. Especially with the little medicine.
I found an old recipe for some medicines. Now I just need some vegetables.
With these I can try new recipes. We could really use the new medicine.
Annis is too much of girl to play with the boys. She is no fun.
Mother just needs some vegetables. Wonder if Dillon has any.
Mother is so happy now. You are a life saver. (*blushes*)
I am glad everyone likes different things it gives me many designs to try.
Diane really wants a new tapestry. The ones I have made her are old.
The new tapestry really brightens the shop. Good thing Jed found it.
First Bao now Alvin. Can this village really afford to lose more?
A new tapestry would be lovely. Those we have now are pretty but old.
I just love the new tapestry. Brandon does to, thank you dear.
Tag almost went into the forest the other day. Should I have told?
Mom wants a new tapestry. I think I heard Jed talking about one.
So he had one, great. It makes me happy when mom is happy.
This curse needs to be broken how can a trader trade like this.
I saw Jed into the old stocks I wonder if he found anything.
That was a nice tapestry. It looks good in the tailor shop.
When the curse is broken I am going to travel far and wide.
Look at this tapestry I found. Wonder if I can turn it into a bag.
I see so much of their father in the boys. I hope their dream come true.
Jed always digging in the old stores for new toys. (*giggles*)
What a beautiful tapestry Diane must be pleased with it. (*Smiles*)
I can craft the old stuff but using new wood is a pain.
If only the recipe could be found. I could craft such beautiful items.
With the recipe found I will start testing my skills now. (*Grins*)
I am not a carpenter like Ronnie. I guess it is good with such little work.
I used to be able to craft, but with these old hands all I can do is rest.
Some medicine would be nice to cure this cough. Then I could clean up some.
Thank you I hope that recipe helps even though it is only half.
...........................................................................
This is such a nice bag better then what that old tapestry would have made.